okay
okay just uh um that's here all my gosh
where where is my take it he took it
oh I knew I shouldn't have left it on
the kitchen table
that was well why did you put it in we
have to go we have to go oh my gosh we
have to go come on go I woke up early in
the morning oh gosh it's all really
young can we can you take us to to the
cruise ship why why all the girls need
your escort you can't take us there it's
near water okay sorry it's I'm just
talking to my foot let's go we are here
at the dock oh there's a ton of people
here all right isn't there no dirt no
there's still a ton of people here what
are they doing there I'm so let's just
pay the tickets what is it
okay just throw it in the air again yes
I made it
let's go oh okay there's some people
already why are you why are you leaving
this is the best place in the world you
probably forgot something in his car
let's get going the kid I think he's
left alone um so we're just gonna um go
here then I remember I remember this is
the place right this is the place this
is the pork
this is the pool not the place go here
and um there one room let's go in it oh
we have a comfy bed go to sleep until
the ride is over
oh we are here in Jurassic world now as
all of that did not actually happen
getting into Jurassic world that is just
what you know happened so um let's get
into it a Jurassic world by Kurt warrior
thank you for downloading more amazing
maps coming soon
YouTube warriors twitter at court
warrior his facebook is kurt warriors
that's that's a time uh Kurt warriors
but um this is part one he hasn't really
he hasn't really made I just did the hub
and um that giant dinosaur fish thing
actually I forgot his name already but
um so what happened is uh let's just say
giant dinosaur hybrid destroyed
everything and they're rebuilding it
that's all that's wrong really Pegasus I
don't know what those numbers are for
but there's big assists there's the
batter Raider look at the bat okay
they're active Oh what oh no batter
eater better reader come on Mel better
reader it's a bad battery okay just just
just just the battery there's another
one over there what what happened to all
the bad readers it's Google Soros and a
sticky sore
then there's more levels that was just a
first our Wednesday longs for first
floor you have a Palin chicken and
absolutely nothing in here I think
absolutely nothing I don't know but once
we get here same things that would have
squid and absolutely nothing in there
then we have a crazy bat and nothing in
there also broken window I wonder if
there's more bats in there and just
broke out and all the bats came out and
the crater didn't notice that and see
here for construction or part two and
you can kind of see what's over there
and just gonna fall down cuz it's not
gonna take any damage and then there's
two places here painting painting
nothing so the other one is except
without painting Oh without wait why do
they both have paint okay I don't know
I'm just dreaming I'm just dreaming but
dumb over here we have some hot dogs and
ice cream for sale and over there a
burger and iced tea and then we have
here the giant dinosaur of the all the
water coming out just just look at that
just trying to eat the shark everybody
saw who here and then they have the
bottom part where you can actually see
the water but uh you can't see the water
because his legs
li the same but um that's kind of it for
the map there's one more thing to be
shown but pretty much this is all that's
in the map there is gonna be a part two
but it's pretty short map and pretty
amazing map if you were only one of its
dinosaurs this cuz it's an amazing
dinosaur and you will actually get
spawned inside here and there'll be like
this page and Facebook Kurt warrior
happy face and flips this is to
subscribe and follow Kurt warrior
I will leave a channel that's pretty
much it guys
they would like subscribe comment
goodbye